README.md, before:

# Insurance Fraud-Detection-using-Machine-Learning

## About this Project

This project is based on **Insurance Domain**.

Imagine a situation where an Insurance Company is receiving **tons of request** from its cutomer for their **claims**. In such situation they dont have much time to go through each and every application for checking if its a **false claim or not**.

Main focus is to reduce the workload by **20-30%** and focus on customers or other queries.

Using power of Machine Learning algorithms following project titled **Insurance Fraud-Detection-using-Machine-Learning** was able to be sucessfull. 

## Project Pipeline

![image](assets/image/pipeline.jpg)

## Technologies Used

![](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)

[<img target="_blank" src="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/_images/flask-logo.png" width=170>](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/) [<img target="_blank" src="https://number1.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/gunicorn_logo-300x85.png" width=280>](https://gunicorn.org) [<img target="_blank" src="https://scikit-learn.org/stable/_static/scikit-learn-logo-small.png" width=200>](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) 

[<img target="_blank" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/SQLite370.svg" width=180>](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)


## How to Get Started

You can also use this project in your system by following thses simple steps -:

### Clone this Repo - 

```
git clone https://github.com/Rishav-hub/Insurance-Fraud-Detection-using-Machine-Learning.git

```

### Install the requirements - 

```
pip install -r requirements.txt

```

### Run the main.py file

```
python main.py
```

### You are done and Good to go

## Usages


## Future work
- More functionality can be added.
- Imporving the user interface and frontend.

Commit message:

Updated Readme.md , added deployment results

README.md, after:

# Insurance Fraud-Detection-using-Machine-Learning

## Demo

Link to the Project - https://fraud-mldeploy.herokuapp.com/

![prediction](assets/image/prediction.PNG)

Prediction saved to a particular folder - 

![prediction](assets/image/page.PNG)

## About this Project

This project is based on **Insurance Domain**.

Imagine a situation where an Insurance Company is receiving **tons of request** from its cutomer for their **claims**. In such situation they dont have much time to go through each and every application for checking if its a **false claim or not**.

Main focus is to reduce the workload by **20-30%** and focus on customers or other queries.

Using power of Machine Learning algorithms following project titled **Insurance Fraud-Detection-using-Machine-Learning** was able to be sucessfull. 

## Project Pipeline

![image](assets/image/pipeline.jpg)

## Technologies Used

![](https://forthebadge.com/images/badges/made-with-python.svg)

[<img target="_blank" src="https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/_images/flask-logo.png" width=170>](https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/1.1.x/) [<img target="_blank" src="https://number1.co.za/wp-content/uploads/2017/10/gunicorn_logo-300x85.png" width=280>](https://gunicorn.org) [<img target="_blank" src="https://scikit-learn.org/stable/_static/scikit-learn-logo-small.png" width=200>](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/) 

[<img target="_blank" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/38/SQLite370.svg" width=180>](https://www.sqlite.org/index.html)


## How to Get Started

You can also use this project in your system by following thses simple steps -:

### Clone this Repo - 

```
git clone https://github.com/Rishav-hub/Insurance-Fraud-Detection-using-Machine-Learning.git

```

### Install the requirements - 

```
pip install -r requirements.txt

```

### Run the main.py file

```
python main.py
```

### You are done and Good to go

## Deployment

This project is deployed in Heroku Cloud

![deploy](assets/image/deploy.PNG)


## Future work
- More functionality can be added.
- Imporving the user interface and frontend.
